GH-45195: [C++] Update bundled AWS SDK for C++ to 1.11.488 (#45306)
apache/arrow: cpp/thirdparty/README.md

Documentation][1].

[1]: https://github.com/apache/arrow/blob/main/docs/source/developers/cpp/building.rst

## Update versions automatically

> There is a convenient script that update versions in `versions.txt` to
> the latest version automatically. You can use it like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a convenience script that updates versions in `versions.txt` to
the latest version automatically. You can use it like the following:
```

Author: Thanks!

```console

> dev/release/update.rb PRODUCT_PATTERN1 PRODUCT_PATTERN2 ...

Reviewer: This is neat, but the path doesn't look right, should be `cpp/thirdparty/update.rb`?

Author: Oh... Good catch! You're right.
